- Fixing get_start_dates
  - The issue: get_start_dates() looks for the most recent temperature data. When 
  everything works as expected thats fine. When a site is down 
  get_start_dates keeps trying the latest DT that was called for it. In the case 
  where the site is actually down and not logging any information, this is fine. 
  Once the site comes back on the process will continue as expected. However, in 
  the case where a site-parameter is logging data locally but unable to send it to
  HV API this can be an issue once that data is finally logged again. This means that
  the data will get grabbed, but the related information for the network check will
  be unavailable, meaning that we will store data that is incorrect for all the 
  site-parameters (since they are all dependent on each other). A solution for this
  problem is not super straight forward. The first thing that I did was to 
  add a manual tweak to the beginning of the script, like how JB had done to make sure
  that we can run the script manually. This allows users to input whether a site parameter
  is active or not, and therefore if it should be considered in get_start_dates. 
  The second thing that I did was to have 
  get_start_dates() check the temp start dates against all of the parameters' start dates
  to make sure that we are getting the same thing for all of them. If a site is considered
  operational, it will be considered as a start date option, if it is not operational,
  then it will not be considered as an option. This is good, but 
  introduced a new problem. If a site parameter is permanently inoperational, or 
  inoperational for a very long time we will
  always pull from its DT in the current iteration of get_start_dates() (which
  uses the earliest start DT from all of the site parameter combinations). The final 
  thing that I did to solve this problem was to incorporate a tracking system for
  the API pulls to prevent pulling data thats more than a week old consistently.
  - TANGIBLES:
    - update hv_api_pull_failure_tracker via long_operational_site_parameter in 
    such a way that it can be used by get_start_dates()

- Make the manual use section for the synapse notebook
- Make the user manual for the synapse notebook code

- Does HV know that we are going to pull this data every 3 hours? 
- Does mWater know that we are going to pull this data every 3 hours?

